The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
What are you- why? Are you- why are we doing- why are we making the long pauses happen?
My pause is because I couldn't remember what I said there.
Mine was because I wanted anticipatory ASMR tingles.
All right, my name is- I'm Griffin- I'm the sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy,
and it's time to retire, I guess, my- my honorific. It's time to hang up the fucking- my old- my now
old person hat that an old person wears, no longer 30 under 30 media luminary Griffin McElroy.
Oh, Griffin, I hadn't even thought about this.
The Forbes- the Forbes goon squad came, and they fucking smashed in my door,
crashed all my windows, they knocked over a load-bearing wall, and just came into my fucking
house, and they took my fucking plaque away, and I immediately dried up and aged like the guy at
the end of The Last Crusade so bad. Griffin, what's it like to be in the no man's land, betwixt
30 under 30 and 30 over 30? It's- it's strange to be here. Um, uh, I don't like- like they- I- I-
I'm sorry, Travis, I wanted to play- I want to play with you in this joke, but I'm just thinking
about how bad I miss my very good plaque that I used to have. The Forbes came, and they fucking
took it away from me, and I was like, but wait, don't you want to hear about the latest media
trends? And they were like, you don't know fucking shit, and then they hit me with the plaque twice
in my- on my back, like the- like a folding chair in a wrestling game, and I fell out- I fell to the
ground, and when I fell to the ground, of course both my knees shattered because I'm an old man now,
and so that's where I'm at. I'm actually recording this- actually it's April 15th, I have two- two
sweet days left of sweet 20-something vitality, and I don't know- I don't know what to fucking do with
it. Here's how I spent my last 48 hours of 20-something vitality. I just watched a giraffe
fall out of another giraffe, and people were like so psyched. You don't know about this fucking giraffe?
No, you say that. There's been a non-stop live stream of this giraffe who's about to give birth
for like a month, and it's like, that's how you're spending your day, huh? Okay, but then I did want
to be part of the zeitgeist because I heard this giraffe was finally popping, and I watched a
giraffe fall out of another giraffe with my last few precious moments of 20-something vitality.
I don't know how I feel about that. It's not good. It's just really wet. It's really, really gummy.
I think the good thing about being- to going from your 20s to your 30s is like, when you're at the
end of your 20s, you feel like, oh god, my 20s are over. I'll never be the same. And then when you get
to your 30s, like, oh, these things are just beginning. It's like putting on a fresh pair of
sleep pants. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a really apt comparison, though. Yeah. Can we get
back to privacy issues with giraffes, please? Because that's what I want to do. Everybody's
very upset if anybody hacks their webcam, but we're all fine just like- Scoping at giraffes.
Yeah. It's a very intimate time. Yeah. This is really troubling me. Can you put a GoPro on a
baby giraffe in utero so you get that first person like, whoa, that giraffe water slide kind of effect
going? I just, I really don't want to think about or talk about the giraffe anymore. Okay, that's
fine. I just, boys, I'm struggling a little bit because I look back at 20 year old- You're talking
to your two older brothers. Yeah, I have zero pity. Oh, Griffin. Oh, you're so old. Fuck off.
Yeah. I've had to deal with almost four years of even if I sleep eight hours waking up feeling
like shit and my back hurts if I sit in a chair wrong, Griffin. See, I still have that coming,
though, and I don't want it. I don't want to be achy all the time like you did. I actually have,
can I tell you a new thing? This is my new break. Yeah, break me off a fucking teaser
trailer of what 36 is going to be like for me. No, this is actually a really good life plan.
I've been overweight my whole life, right? And then in my mid 30s, I started to feel some of
those like age rundown kind of feelings. And so I just started to like take up Taekwondo and try
to exercise and eat better and start losing weight. So my new thing is this, don't be fit
when you're young. And if you if you're unhealthy when you're young and then start getting healthy
as you age, you can keep I plan to keep a perfect equilibrium like as my body degrades. Essentially,
I will also train it. You've been training for your whole life on Dagobah with Yoda on your back
and then you've done some Taekwondo to drop the Yoda and all of a sudden you can jump a little
bit higher. And also Dagobah is falling apart and has hair in weird places like to complete
the metaphor. To be fair, Justin, that is what Dagobah is. I've seen the movie. Yeah, it's a lot
like what Dagobah is. All right, well, I'll keep that. I mean, I've probably put on about 20 pounds
since I had a baby. So that's good. That's good to know. I'm fucking cramming that Dagobah.
You just got to put your baby on your back and do some somersaults and swing through the forest.
Baby would fucking love that. Are you kidding me? It's like I'm like a big fun jungle gym ride. God,
30 though. I can't record this podcast right now. I need to go. No, fuck you guys. I need to go get
on my razor scooter for one last time before I have to go throw it into a volcano on Monday.
But to be fair, when you do that, you will end the curse. So yes, we'll all be free.
It's just so sad. I know. While Griffin tries to recuperate, you know what? I got a
Starbucks double shot energy Mexican mocha today because I thought that would be an enjoyable
cheat day beverage for this recording. Is it not? I'm getting some severe tackiness on my palate
that is making elocution a challenge. Well, what's the next steps? There's no and so.
We can pause the recording for 45 minutes for you to do like a flush.
A quick cleanse? Guys, I'm just looking at the box in the corner of my office where all my Yu-Gi-Oh
cards are and I just know I'm going to have to get rid of them on Monday. Well, good news,
girl. Actually, 12 o' one a.m. Central, they just disappear. The forest people are going to come
and take my Yu-Gi-Oh cards and my plaque, my great plaque. Damn it. Why would they need a dummy plaque?
You have 48 hours. I appreciate them recognizing my status as a media mogul, but like you did it
just a couple months before you took my took my whole life away. I just what is there? I mean,
I guess 40 under 40, but I'm going to have to do some like I'm going to have to really change up
my shit like they're not going to do it for Griffin's just really good at media again. No,
I have to like open up an Italian restaurant in Brooklyn that's like fucking epic that people like
can't stop talking about my puttanesca. Griffin, he's transformative. He's transformed his whole
scene. He used to be a good podcast boy and now he invented this puttanesca that's so spicy you
got to try it 40 under 40. He did it, but even that's less prestigious because there's 10 more
fucking people on the list. I don't want to share it with them. So are we about ready for questions?
Are we doing a show or is this just a therapy session? I'm going to be distracted the whole
show, but yeah, let's go ahead and do it. I mean my advice is just going to be like live live while
you can no day, but today get out there. Okay, so here is the first question today. I was leaving
my apartment to get coffee at a nearby coffee shop good place for it and my roommate was leaving
at the same time to go to work. We walked out together, but when we reached the sidewalk, she
said. Have to walk separate and then she walked to the other side of the street and continue to walk
the next three blocks in the same direction to be at the same pace. We've lived together for several
years and I wasn't one of those. It wasn't one of those awkward situations where we said goodbye
only to find out we were walking in the same direction, which is the worst. I told her I
was going to the coffee shop. Am I good? I don't think she's good. I think you're okay. That's from
alone walking the same way in the Bay Area. Okay, I would like to say to your roommate's credit,
you said your roommate is walking to work, right? So this is probably like a routine. This might be
like your roommate walks to work every morning and that's like their time of like mindful walking
meditation of like this is me. I walk at my pace. I'm thinking about myself. I don't want to talk to
another human being. I'm just like zoning in and pumping myself up for the day. You know what I
mean? And so like they just might really need that time. Travis, very charitable, very generous of
spirit of you. Very nice picture you've painted. Very nice picture you've painted. It is buckwild
to think that that information could be absorbed through context and not related directly. Like it
is buckwild to say like I know. Listen, I'm going to veer off. I'm sure they'll assume I'm meditating
on my right. It's like you have heard hoof prints and shouted zebra thinking that this person's like
a fucking like bike messenger who needs to get psyched for the fucking premium rush or whatever.
Like I think it's even if that's the case, like don't be rude. It's rude what you've done here.
I think a little bit, maybe a little rude, maybe just a tad rude. I would like to make a prequel
to Premium Rush called Economy Rush and it's about foot messengers who can't, who don't use bikes
and it takes like eight times as long for your packages to arrive. I would love to watch JGL
just like running a lot and getting like very sweaty in a hot city. And by like the 10th
delivery he's just casually walking. I ordered this six hours ago. You should have paid for the
Premium Rush, dude. You think when he, when JGL finished Premium Rush and he was watching on the
screen and he thought, man, I bet this movie is going to be mentioned by one podcast on two
separate episodes. I think that there's one podcast. 200 episodes apart. Yeah. I think
there's one podcast that's really going to get into this flick. Can I just say though,
it's a good flick. I've never seen it. You've never seen it? No. Good flick. I've
never seen my comedy blind and ignorant. If you can't watch, I've watched JGL on anything.
Anything. I've only seen a clip where he's about to get hit by the car, but then another car hits
that car. And it's, I saw that and I was like, I don't want my Joseph to be imperiled. You know
what I mean? There is, there are, it is rated PG-13 for multiple scenes of Joseph Gordon Leavitt
peril. It's not. Yeah. I couldn't, I'm not interested. No, thank you. No, thanks. Couldn't,
no, I watched looper and the whole time I was like, my Joseph's imperiled. I can't do it. I
fucking can't do it. I know Travis had problems with that movie that I don't want him to start
unpacking again. But my problem with that movie is sometimes people pointed their guns at JGL
with intent to harm. And I just, I don't fuck with that. Are you kidding me? No way. Um,
this is not a cool thing. I think that your roommate, it's not a nice thing of him to do.
It's it's like, I get, I get like, and I'm not saying like, if you are a person who like needs
that time to like recharge or, or, or whatever, or like if I, I get all that, but I also think
that this is also just kind of a rude thing that happens. So well, cause the problem is,
as you guys pointed out, it was not like the roommate had every opportunity to say like,
cool. Um, just so you know, like I have a routine in the morning and I, I kind of need to stick to
what it's going to throw off my whole day. Um, because now what's going to happen is you have
to unpack this when you're both home the next time. Like, Hey, so what was that? Yeah, I know.
Um, how about, so maybe they were checking the geocache. That's another possibility.
Why wouldn't they take you with them on their fucking geocache adventure? Geocaching is more
fun with friends. It is more fun with friends. Um, can I drop this Yahoo on y'all? Yeah. It's
from Aaron keys. Thank you, Aaron. It's Yahoo answers user frosty who asks what sports did
William Shakespeare like? Oh, good one. I have an English project to do and I can't find any answers
to this question. Can someone tell me with a reference site? I feel like if you get on Yahoo
answers for help with a school project, you're basic, like while you're typing in Yahoo answers
dot bills or whatever the fuck you are telling yourself, I'm okay with a D like I'm fine getting
a D on this one. I just need it done. So definitely Quidditch. Okay. If not, I think that was during
wizard times. So definitely Quidditch. Yeah, definitely Quidditch. Maybe chariot racing.
I mean, he definitely, I mean, he's probably here's the thing. I'm not familiar with
all of the works of William Shakespeare. I've seen Romeo and Juliet, the movie obviously with
Leonardo DiCaprio and I like loved it. It was very poignant in that one. And, um, that's it.
I'm actually, I want you to know as someone who worked at a Shakespeare company, I'm trying to
run through my head and think there's a sports one. Yeah. Is there a show? I mean, there's wrestling
in, I think two gentlemen of Verona or two nobles. That's just like, that's just like,
that's just like, that's just like horsing around. It's just horseplay. Let's just, let's just spit
ball falconry, falconry. They had Falcons, they had gloves. Are the Falcons like catching balls and
flying through usually a Frisbee, but they are, they are doing that. That's a tricky needle thread
though. Cause you have to throw that Frisbee in a very particular way so that the, your Falcon
intercepts it, but is not intercepted by the Frisbee. Uh, probably archery, right? That was
probably a sport back then. I mean, that was just around for fucking ever. Archery was just there
day to day back then. Like you had to like in, in, in London or Avon over Stratfordshire or whatever
the fuck. Perfect. I think you like, I think you had to be fucking strapped with a longbow.
Travis, Travis has suggested now, are we talking about football Norte Americano or are we talking
about football? The origins of football, and this is absolutely true. It used to be played between
two towns and the field was the size of the distance between the towns. And so the two towns
would just like challenge each other. And it was everyone from this town versus everyone from this
town. And it was so incredibly violent. People would like routinely die playing, like they'd get
like trampled and beaten to death. Um, but it's been around forever. He was more of a gentle
soul though. I don't know he'd be into that. And again, you didn't really answer my question
for talking about the game with the round ball that you kick around a whole bunch of the game
with the Brown sort of funny shaped ball. Brown funny shaped ball I believe. I believe they use
their hands. This is a lie because as everybody knows, Joe Montana invented football as we know
it today. Joe Montana is eternal. Oh, Joe Montana is an eternal person. They named Montana after him.
Make sure he is still alive. Joe Montana, Joe Montana. Yeah, 60 years old looking
like Joe Montana. So I think William Shakespeare would have been super and like I think he would,
I think he'd be a Cowboys fan. No, I think he'd love the fucking pigskin dude. Like just like-
I think he would pick the most underdog team. Oh, it's the Ravens. What am I even talking about?
He would be a fan of the Ravens. Yeah dude, his fucking classic work,
the Ravens. Exactly Griffin, thank you.
Man, it's not often you get to be wrong about sports and poems in one episode.
No, I'm just saying that fool liked birds. He wrote about birds a lot. And that seems like a
shit, yeah bud. It's based on literary works and I know he didn't fucking write the Ravens.
It was Wordsworth. My favorite, my favorite sonnet of Shakespeare is it goes a little bit like this.
It's like boom, I put it in the hoop, like slam. I heard the crowd screaming out jam. Oh yeah.
I swear I'm telling you the facts because that's how I'd be Horatio.
I was like why does it rhyme? That's nothing. Can you invent Shaq?
I wrote Shaq into exist. So we didn't even talk about basketball and I'd love to explore basketball
real quick because I'm loving the idea of him wearing a fucking tank top. Like shirts and skins,
let's go. I'm wearing a tank top. I'm wearing some like comfortable shorts. Let's get on,
let's settle this on the court. Sometimes I'm so sad that I don't have like millions of dollars
and access to like constant access to a production team because all I want now is just like exactly
totally now modern like Lakers basketball game except instead of Jack it's William Shakespeare
sitting courtside like throwing his hands up in the air and yelling at the rafts and like fucking
throwing stuff onto the court and being ejected. God that's, I just am picturing it's the fucking
funniest shit. Oh I'm a nerd. I bet he, did he have game do you think? Shakespeare? Yeah like
if he played basketball do you think he could like, do you think he would perform well? Like
do you think he's sort of a dog? Like do you think he's sort of a dunks man or like a three points?
He would be great at like athletically I'm sure he was like off the charts right? Yet physically
the man was like hustling. History is unclear on the nature of Shakespeare's trident. It may have
been seven or eight people. Um there's a lot of different theories but anyway uh he was performing
a lot. If you're seven or eight people he's his own basketball team. He was his, hi we're William
Shakespeare and they all run out. Tonight the Harlem Globetrotters square off against the
William Shakespeare. That would be a bloodbath are you kidding me? It would be a bloodbath if I
got in the court with William Shakespeare because back in the what the 1500s like all the people
were just a lot like their bones were much much smaller than our bones but also like everybody
also had the flu a little bit always kind of and so like I think I could, I think I could like,
I think I could really fucking break William Shakespeare's ankles out there.
Not literally, not literally but maybe literally accidentally like I would I would do like a roll
on him that would like be super super sick and everybody would cheer and in that sense I would
break his ankles but I think he may if he overcorrects too much his old 1500s sickly
bones might just be like done done. I've done it to the bard, the good one, the good bard.
That's how I beat bard. That's how I beat shake. Okay all right I'll allow it.
Um so my roommate left town to go see her family for Easter weekend and left me in charge of her
plant. She prides herself on gardening skills but I seriously doubt she's ever taken care of
an indoor plant before. Boom. I watched her yeah this is melt mode. Since I watched her over water
it twice in the two days just before going home and now it's starting to die. I told her to stop
watering it but she wouldn't listen because quote I have a cactus and I don't know how to take care
of real plants. Wow Jesus you okay hold on let's stop you already put them on melt mode you don't
need to keep going now. No I think this is a quote from her friend. No I think this is I think this
is like I have a cactus and don't know how to take care of real plants. I think you're trying to over
melt mode this one and I know. Listen question asker their roommate won't listen to question
asker because question asker says they have a cactus and don't know how to take care of real
plants. But they said that's in quotes and I don't think this person actually said I have a cactus
and don't know how to take care of real plants. I think this is about major melt mode. Roommate okay
when question asker said when QA said to roommate you're over watering it roommate said you have a
cactus and don't know how to take care of real plants. Okay okay now I'm stuck caring for this
stupid dying plant and she's gonna think I'm the one who killed it. She comes back on Wednesday
how do I tell her she was the one who killed the plant without destroying her weirdly inflated and
fragile ego. Please keep name anonymous I've been trying to get her to listen to the show and I don't
want her to recognize the situation. Yeah you don't fucking think she'll pick up on this one.
Listen we have a decent size following at this point but I don't think there's
two pairs of roommates who have this exact situation. Yeah as this was happening she was like
her eyes started to wander over to that dead ass brown plant she left in the corner like wait a
minute Valerie. Do you think do you think that this is like a throw mama from the train situation
where like throw plant out the apartment window. Hold on hold on wait hold on wait time out I have
to call Marc Maron and say that someone on a podcast finally referenced throw mama from the
train. We did it podcasters we did it. I also I know that there's also a uh we did every movie
everybody that's every movie. There's a Hitchcock one too that I can't remember but uh that the
roommate knew exactly what she was doing over watering the plant and then leaving you to take
care of it because she felt burdened by taking care of this plant and no one longer wanted to
have to care for it but she didn't want to be blamed for it. I think there's a way to save the
plant. I'm not much I'm not much of an arboreal fundraiser. No I mean you got to get some of that
water out of it huh if you over watered it. I think your two options are like snake venom you
try to suck the water out of the plant. I don't know what that looks like maybe you uproot it
real quick and you get you get down on those roots and you just like go to fucking town.
Other options you got to dry it out put it in the microwave for maybe like I'm talking about
four seconds at a time just like beep one two three four check it like a well what the fuck
are you doing a pop tart you microwave for like 10 seconds at a time or you toast it in the pop
tart machine. Who has the time Griffin? That's how you get to 30 and you haven't accomplished anything with your
wife. Pivot pivot pivot Travis I just I I just put jokes outside in its special chair.
Okay jokes is outside jokes can't hear you in here the serious room okay. Have you
now are you now or have you ever microwaved a pop tart? Of course not of course not I just know that
on the package that is an option they present. Okay oh what a relief I'm gonna let jokes back
into the room. Come back in jokes. Listen all joking aside no listen listen. Why am I joking around?
Jokes has feelings. Jokes come back in but just stay quiet for one second. It's fine
jokes come on in. It's fine jokes he said it's fine. Now there's a fucking weird atmosphere because
jokes is like thought we were talking about jokes behind its back. No that's not jokes jokes jokes
that's not it. Hey bro grabs. Get bro grabs with jokes. Oh that's soft. That's my favorite after
school movie. I don't think I don't think I don't think you this situation is upsetting me in such a
deep deep way and I don't know why. I think I think I get upset whenever anybody thinks they're hot
shit at anything that they're not hot shit at and then they like make other people try to feel bad
because they're hot shit which is what it sounds like your roommate has tried to do but like
I also feel bad for this sweet plant. It didn't ask for this. It didn't want this. There's nothing
to be done. I mean there's nothing to be done. I mean just try to remind her it's just a plant
and she can just get more. You can go get more. Go get another plant. Yeah go get a better plant.
I'm kind of both like what the thing that I'm taken aback by from this question is I didn't
realize the plant could die in the span of two days. I thought it'd take way longer. No they're
like super fragile. I imagine if you work at like uh there's a florist around the corner from my
house I imagine they're just constantly fucking screaming running around their like office all
day just like oh my god now this one oh this one now oh shit this oh fuck me fuck. Could you not
just go buy an identical plant? It's not like your roommate's gonna get home and be like this
plant's acting completely differently. Yeah. This plant has a completely different personality than
when I left. Unless. I taught this plant how to sit. Unless. Unless. Unless. It's a it's a like a
like a venus fly trap that does have a little bit of personality. If it's a tulip it's a big tulip
and you watered it wrong and it dies fuck it. Go buy or don't buy just get a tulip. Nature has them
ready for you to go. If it's like a venus fly trap though oh that one is gonna be a little you know
what I mean like if I had a venus fly trap and then you replace my venus fly trap and I saw this
new venus fly trap eat a fly or a mosquito or whatever and I saw it do it I'd be like that was
different it moved it has character it animated a little bit differently and so where's where's Tony
my original venus fly trap? The problem is then your roommate should never have watered a venus
fly trap because the only liquid it needs is human blood. Yeah. I've seen little shop. Yeah the joke
of the little shop. Yes thank you. I think that I don't think they get that big Trev. I think it
might be different plants. What? Yeah I think it might be different plants because they don't they
don't usually get that big. You don't think that the little shop plant is based on a venus fly
trap? You don't like think conceptually that that there's a one-in-one connection there? I think it's
based on the um what's a little plumber on the Mario plants. The Mario ones. The Mario ones the
plants that come out of the pipes. Chompums. They look chompers they look exactly like that.
Um it was actually based on a true story of a plant that one time bit off Rick Moranis's pinky
finger and he said I've got a great idea for a movie. Well he didn't his friend who was there
with him was like ah shit Rick we need to go to a hospital. Hey do y'all want to yahoo? Yes.
Yes. Just thinking this one's great because just thinking about biting off Rick Moranis's pinky
finger has me all hungry. Uh sent by Nicholas Potter is from yahoo answers user Sharon S who
asks what goes well with shrimp scampi? Mmm. What? Is this really the question you thought?
It's fucking Saturday night you've just gone over the pot the boiling pot and you've got the shrimp
scampi cocked loaded and ready to fucking go blast off and the shrimp but you realize you need
something else to go with that. Wait read me the question wait Griffin read me the question one
more time. It was six words. What is it? What goes well with shrimp scampi? Ah you're thinking too
small Griffin you're thinking what other foods that was not specified they might be planning
a whole fucking event around with shrimp scampi. What movie goes with shrimp scampi? What kind of
friends should I invite over for shrimp scampi? Well then let's get let's get holistic with it
let's can we start with food and then go. Let's go around the table and we'll list some things
that go well with shrimp scampi. I will start because I invented the exercise and I will begin
with revenge. Oh interesting I was gonna say regret. Mmm. No the Travis's. Justin's is right
yes. Okay. Travis's is wrong. You can't you can't be regretful when you're chomping into some of
that fucking buttery garlicky good little shrimp friends. Let me try again let me try again.
Uh 1980s movies with Corey Haim. Corey Haim yes. Yes? I don't know. Yes. Um what goes well with
shrimp scampi? I'm gonna say so just some big Texas toast. Okay a little inside the box for me uh
yeah. What goes well with shrimp scampi?
Um just a nice just a nice full-bodied wine. See that's the thing I don't know we have to joke
about if we do a yahoo on this show and it's like I keep sticking pizza crust up my butt then people
can't use the information that comes after this but there's this week somebody's gonna have
fucking shrimp scampi. Okay Griffin your turn. Well no I was talking over yours and I know you
said homemade ball pit and now I'm thinking about getting a ball pit and eating this good buttery
shrimp with my friends and wife. Right? I think it would be a messy ball like I don't want other
things getting in the ball pit but at the same time I think it'd be like a fun time. Um oh I have
one. Go ahead Trav. I hate to jump I hate to jump back to me. Yeah you're doing double dutch aren't
you? But what what goes well with shrimp scampi? Staring wistfully into your tank full of salt
water exotic fish while you eat it. Oh just think it like I love these fish so much I wish I could
eat them but I can't so I'm gonna eat things like them while looking at them and could be like it
could be you David. Yeah. How about how about a hot bath? Shrimp scampi in the bath please. Yeah I
don't mind if I do. I might treat myself to that tonight in in real life just get in the bath with
a full-bodied wine and a hame flick and chomp down on these good little buttery boys. What? I just
I just love shrimp scampi and I thought we'd all get like really excited about this question but
I sense your guys hesitance to even like play with me right now. I love Alice I love shrimp scampi
there's no there's no argument about that it's one of my fav foods. Prove it motherfucker. Whoa
it's hard because uh it's hard because my cousin Mike loves shrimp scampi so much that we call him
scampi Mike so I feel like it's weird for me to try I feel like a pretender to the like in the
back of my head all I can think is like well I don't like it as much as Michael does and they're
gonna know. Sounds like nobody does. Can I posit a shrimp scampi? Yeah well let's pause that for a
second. Question? Yeah please. So shrimp scampi implies it is shrimp that has been scampied
correct this is shrimp scampi. Yeah. Is there chicken scampi or steak scampi or fish scampi
or pork scampi? Shit pork scampi's good this is oh shit this is gonna be like beef nugs too
we're like where's all the fucking beef scampi where's the chicken scampi at? I'm just saying
scampi as like as the suffix it implies that like we took shrimp and we scampied it so now
it's shrimp scampi. Yeah dude. Right? God I want to eat some motherfucking shrimp scampi tonight
this is not a joke I'm gonna go grease up those scampi dish like right now and get crazy on them
tonight. I love shrimp scampi I love it because when the chef who first invented shrimp scampi
invented it they were like this dish is so good it needs the most fun name ever scampi.
Um I like chicken scampi is good it's like chicken scampi. It's not is it real?
Chicken scampi is real at the Olive Garden. Oh well then Travis's point was is moot. I mean
I've had chicken scampi at the Olive Garden it's very good. Well shit Olive Garden chomped our
flavor or literally chomped our flavor by Travis. Travis has to leave the podcast for the rest of
the show yeah. Get out of here jokes. That was Travis's retirement was gonna be chicken scampi
inventing it. Um you should um shit we've shit okay hold on Travis. Travis it's all right dude
listen. Travis you're gonna find another great idea dude don't worry about it.
Travis you're gonna find another one man it's fine.
I won't. Never again. This was the one.
I want a munch. Squad.
I want too much. Squad.
I'm a fucking amazing actor I made myself cry doing that. That's so powerful Travis.
It's fucking it's inside out outside in Sam Scorsese shit thank you. Travis. Yes Justin.
Good news. Do you know how you've been having trouble finding french fries? Uh-huh. Well
the search is over because Taco Bell's got them now. Oh my god.
That's right and they're not just any. You mad geniuses. And they're not just any fries
this time they're nacho fries. What? Um but they can be yo's I mean they're nachos. Thank you.
You get it? Yeah. Um can I do this segment while lying on the floor? No it's that they don't have
now here's the weird thing about nacho fries. Uh I mean there's many weird things about nacho fries
they're seasoned with nacho seasonings right? Are we talking about sorry we need to be like salt?
Are we talking about Mexican seasonings? Are we talking about long potato straws that have been
fried up or is this some fucked up like it's just like strips of tortillas that we're calling fries?
Because I don't fuck with that like I don't fuck with Andy Capp and his whole business.
No they are french fries like they're french fries. Now these were a big thing in Canada.
Canada has like fries. Canada Taco Bell has been kicking it with french fries for a long time.
Um they are off that grind. I mean they're probably still on that grind but now they're
letting that grind come down here. Um but it it is new for this year. Now here's the unusual thing
normally I don't uh I I don't do Munch Squad unless I can have a press release to refer to.
Um I have I have scoured the internet and cannot find any evidence of Taco Bell as a corporation
admitting that they're selling fries. Really? They have signs up so if you go to the location
right they are definitely selling fries and there's like commercials and stuff but as an
organization they're they have like plausible deniability. It's like a home brew like serve
fries if you want Taco Bell individual restaurants if we can call you that but we're not gonna we're
not gonna shine any light on it. It's like that like you guys fry right radio that's not that
anything it's not it's not no Travis that's not anything what you've said it's like pirate radio
but it's fries there's a lot of people covering this phenomenon um Anderson Cooper getting up
in there yeah a lot of people are getting pretty excited about it the headline on um Hello Giggles
is Nacho Bell Taco Bell nacho fries are here and they look absolutely delicious. Now I don't know
what photo of these fries they are referring to but if you can imagine I mean it's basically just
french like a big mess of french fries and nacho cheese and sour cream and diced tomatoes and chives
on top of the french fries and what appears to be ground beef. This looks horrifying.
It's not great it's not great um and I don't know what I know Taco Bell refuses to look at it uh
Taco Bell refuses to talk about it Taco Bell is staying silent. So there's no PR there's no PR
quotes for this much squad. I feel like if you called Taco Bell about this they would say like
wait a minute where did you see that what location and then they would call that specific Taco Bell
and say hey listen I got a very a very important phone call that you're doing something very bad
down there it's hot in uh in uh in Huntington West Virginia you were selling fries at Taco Bell
and they said well yeah you emailed everybody in the company and said I did no such thing
or my name's not Mr. Bell. I tried calling the Taco Bell corporate office but it is Saturday
morning. Can you call Griffin as long as we're on this tip can you call a Taco Bell in your area
you know in Austin and see if they have the nacho fries. Yes but I won't call the one that I've gone
to before and maybe will someday again. Yeah don't do that just call one and see if you can get any
details on it. Hi do you all have those nacho fries? Nacho fries? Yeah um what is it no oh
there's a there's the chips to make some nachos but oh but not fries no that makes sense all right
thank you. You're welcome. Booyah so how fucking deep does this go how deep does this con go did
you hear the hesitance like okay if I were to Taco Bell and someone asked me if I had french fries
the answer would be at the tip of my tongue yeah absolutely not are you kidding me you called Taco
Bell like unless unless the person I just spoke to on the phone is they're like they're like stealth
shit is so locked down that they like I could probably go into that store and get some nacho
fries and they're like okay now that you're here yeah here have some nacho fries but like you could
have they she probably knew that I was recording the conversation and she couldn't give out that
kind of evidence on that that would be like corporate confirmation that was a that was a
that was a like skilled agent. Normally we tell you a lot to tweet at folks but I would like
everybody to tweet at Taco Bell and just ask why they're covering up the nacho fries. Be nice about
it. Be nice about it oh speaking of which Griffin I don't know if you saw this but uh Taco Bell
adjacent congratulations to our friend Dan Riker for winning a wedding at Taco Bell uh that's gonna
be a hoot and a half. It's gonna be a real hootenanny. Make sure you get us an invite.
I think it's time to head to the zone of money did I do that right? Almost not. Can I read can
I read one thing really quick and it's gonna be a little time warp but it's I want to read the
best answer on this shrimp scampi question about what goes well with shrimp scampi because user
red pandas really knocked out of the park when they said shrimp scampi. Some more some more of it.
Nice. All right let's go to the next one. This week my brother my brother and me is sponsored by
Casper. It's an online retailer of premium obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction
of the price and I can speak to this not just as someone that they're paying to speak to it
but also a customer who is incredibly pleased. We have both a Casper mattress that my wife and I
sleep on every single night and also a Casper mattress in our guest room that our friends
have come over and slept on and always compliment. I this is okay listen I have a really hard time
sounding sincere as evidenced by this commercial but when my wife and I switch from our old mattress
to our Casper mattress no joke noticeable difference in sleep quality like we slept so much better
woke up like more refreshed I mean not now we have a five month old baby but back when we were like
full human beings we slept so good. Yeah we have that sleep we have one too and it's it's it's
really good it's in our guest room and so I really only sleep on it when I have like diarrhea or
something like that and don't want to wake up everybody else um with my like run like every
other night it's not funny kind of funny it's not funny I thought it was kind of funny it's
not funny to have that to have that happen to you anyway Casper mattresses are really comfortable
I'm sorry that I they probably don't want us talking about diarrhea during these advertisements
but like when when life hands you lemons uh did you also know that my bim bam listers can get
50 towards any mattress purchase if you go to casper.com slash my brother and you use the
promo code my brother all one word at checkout and that terms and conditions apply I did also
mention risk free trial and return policy you can sleep for 100 days with free delivery to the US
and Canada and painless returns the mattresses are made in America go to casper.com slash my brother
promo code my brother all one word save 50 terms and conditions apply I'm just let me go down the
bullet points here make sure we hit everything uh the risk return policy made in America diarrhea
yeah all right we're good um tell me now are you ready give it all of it baby I want to talk about
movement or as uh they prefer it to pronounce movement uh it's movement without an n or vowels
I don't know it's mvmt and it actually says to pronounce it movement um so just this once I'll
let it slide uh it was founded on the belief that style shouldn't break the bank they're cool watches
they make a watch and you put it on and you know what time it is you look great you know it's a it's
a uh important to keep track of it because if not you'll be late or early oh shoot you're early
early you need a wrist friend to help you out because you're too fucking early for the party
shoot very or very early I'm very early I'm very early this party fuck fuck I need a wrist friend
for movement there are serious problems with that I had a conference call this week scheduled for
a certain time and I showed up a half hour before it was to begin but the person who was on it with
me uh who's on the conference call uh the person running it gets a text notification someone lines
up to their uh gets onto their line so they hopped on two uh before everybody else and by the time
we could make get through like the apologies and I'm sorry and I I didn't understand and uh
etc etc there was it was just close enough to the meeting that it would have been weird to hang up
and call back later you apologize for 30 minutes just kind of like hung hung on the call no it
just would have been like weird so I ended up just like making conversation turn it into a nice
chat sounds like a good day good work socializing you did well like that could have been a what if
they had been a bad person yeah yeah you both need those good wrist friends for movement
um these movement watches started just 95 bucks at a department store you're looking at like 400
to 500 bucks for a nice watch um I have one I think we all have one and they're really nice
they're um they're they're really slick and um I didn't think I would like the the face of the
watches a little bit bigger than watches I've worn in the past but like I I actually really like it
now that I've had it for a while um and I've actually gotten compliments on it before which
I don't own many things in this world that that is true for um you can get 15% off your your
movement watch today with free shipping and free returns by going to mvmtwatches.com
brother um go check out the stuff they've got and get get the cool discount and free shipping and
free returns again mvmtwatches.com slash brother uh I got a message for Caleb and Kyle from
Courtney a lot of sounds I love it happy birthday fellas happy to know you guys thanks for letting
me join in on your goofs hell yeah in out done Courtney's like in out done with my business
charging by the letter like a newspaper or like a fucking epitaph wait what um
so happy birthday to Caleb and Kyle hope it's a great one me and Courtney both think that
and um that was supposed to air in April so we're like crushing it I wonder if the birthday's
April 17th um like mine the day of the day of my fucking Logan's run retirement let's
move on to the next one sorry I equated your birthday message to an epitaph uh this message
is for Alex exclamation point Alex that's from it's from Emma Laura and Ty who say happy birthday
thank you for creating a beautiful narrative day in beautiful narrative day in and day out
uh okay uh your detailed maps carefully chosen names and especially graphic fights keep us
excited for all the adventures that await in the parish highlands you're the reason we all found
D&D and for that we are forever grateful love from the nerdiest polycule to ever adventure
uh this is I I'm glad that they clarified they're talking about a D&D thing here and not that why is
is what Alex making such explicit fights yeah is that yeah like the orc stands up and gets out the
axe and also a peepee um I don't know if that means graphically violent or like beautifully
described in a graphic manner that allows me to really picture it in my mind's eye or
or I can't make heads or tails to any of this nerd shit honestly dunked on them dunked on all
four thanks for the money uh we do a Dungeons and Dragons podcast are you sad and confused
about world politics worried about the upcoming inevitable nuclear war or maybe a rat is living
in your house there's a rat living in my house how do you get rid of a rat from a house why not
immerse yourself in a completely fictional imagined podcast for the beef and dairy industries
it works for me the beef and dairy network podcast is the number one podcast for those involved
or just interested in the production of beef animals and dairy herds don't worry it's funnier
than it sounds find us at beefanddairynetwork.com or maximumfund.org or wherever you get your
podcast from oh god there's the rat oh god the other day I went to mcdonald's to claim my free
coffee since I've completed I have a completed coffee fidelity card when I when I go to mcdonald's
it is always at the same time at the drive through so it's always the same girl at the till
however when I came to give her my free coffee coupon she said I could keep the coupon and she
still gave me the free coffee fuck yeah oh this is a good one can I use my coupon given that the girl
knows I've already tried to claim it do I have to go to an out-of-town mcdonald's to claim it
or have I entered an infinite free coffee loophole that's from the most caffeinated munch squad
member in Montreal where apparently they have mcdonald's do not drive any amount of distance
above normal to get a free like 99 cent coffee it it will not it doesn't it doesn't work out
it does not financially speaking as your financial advisor yeah don't do this the amount that you
would spend on gas or as you say in Montreal petrol it doesn't it's not that you may as well
drink the petrol at that point um it's just not it's not it's not cost effective I do really like
this question though because it sounds like you've discovered like a way to tie a string around your
coffee your completed coffee fidelity card and then when you hand it in and they're like about
to like put it in the register you yank the string and it's back out in your hand and you still get
that coffee and nobody's the wiser here's what you're gonna have you're gonna have to do this
you're gonna have to collect a bunch of empty coffee like mcdonald's coffee cups pile them in
pile them in the seat next to you and then like two days later pull out the coupon again at which
point they'll have no choice but to believe you or else where did you get all those empty cups
such an elaborate con elaborate ruse um my first thought when I thought this was uh um well
uh you know that's a very nice thing that she did for you that's very kind but the more I think
about it you have to drink mcdonald's coffee every day it's really the way cafe is fine can we not
with our live in a country with tim hortons everywhere every 10 feet there's a tim in your
car there's a tim hortons there's a tim hortons open your dashboard open your glove compartment
there's a little tim hortons in there are you just going to mcdonald's and getting
a coffee through the drive-thru i mean what i'm that's where i'm struggling with it they're
probably getting i mean something else also right they're probably getting they're probably
getting a mcgriddle or big big griffin thank you because my point here is if you get a food item
the coffee's just a value at the coffee's how they get you in the door and then you're buying
a hash brown and a mcgriddle and a cheese them and that's where you're making they're making
their money right like there the money is to be made it's on the food items the coffee that's a
value add that just gets you in the door so like you keeping that coffee fidelity card guarantees
you coming back to mcdonald's one more time literally so this is win-win for everybody i
would say in this scenario make a point that the opposite of what my brother just said is true
fast food chains make their money on the drinks and travis is a liar maybe here in the us of a
the us of a in canada we do things a little different i'm travis for canada
um i man did y'all ever grown up
i haven't said the funny thing yet dog y'all grown up ever wish you had a fast food friend
i would because it sounds like you've got a genuine fast food friend on your hands and when i
lived in the west virginia building i ate pretty much every dinner at the wendy's and i just thought
it would be so sick if i could just drive up and my wendy's friend was there i was just like
don't worry about it man and i would get my chicken my spicy chicken sandwich and it would
not be a big deal don't worry about it man griffin it's me your fast food friend go get out of here
come on your money's no good here i'm your fast food friend griffin i love this sitcom you're
building when fast food friend gets fired for giving away free chicken sandwiches they wouldn't
know come live with you no no they wouldn't they wouldn't they they they deal out so many chicken
sandwiches there they deal with so many spicy boys that in in this wendy's nobody's gonna notice that
my friend hooked me up with one like no there's a zero percent chance of that also i think everybody
at working at that wendy's everybody working at any fast food place knows like you can have five
what would they drive through buddies that you can hook up and it's not a big deal
there's that's like that's written into the wendy's budget like dave thomas came up with that and was
like just you got five drive-through buddies don't worry about just slide them some chicken sandwiches
and it's not a big deal it's on me dave and he smiles real big what if you overlap with a different
fast food buddy like they they walk over and see another drive-through worker slipping you a free
spicy chicken friend and they're like whoa whoa what's this i thought i was your drive-through
buddy i thought you're double dipping what the fuck griffin i would never do that i would never
cheat on my my my fast food friend there's no way i would do that because i'm not greedy i just want
free spicy chicken sandwiches at my wendy's that i go to and it's not even it's not even about the
money it's just like oh nice thanks you know it's like i'm ah cool it's like having a cool like
confidant i just had an amazing realization that at some point in in human history and probably
at some point every day someone has followed up to a fast food drive-through and said like
hey yo can i speak to dillip please can you uh can you put put my man dillip on on the line please
and that that probably happens right you probably dillip dillip's not here oh okay never mind bye
do you guys when you get your fast food you're at the bill miller's barbecue and you've just
ordered your pulled pork sandwich and you're ready to pull through and go up and this is literally
every time i go and i don't eat that much fast food but it's literally every time it happens i
have this thought i'm starting to leave the sign that tell the big glowing sign that's like here's
here's what kind of days you can have do you want to have a pulled pork day or a po boy day or it's
up to you i always have this moment as i'm pulling away from the sign towards the window of i hope
nobody passes me i hope nobody drives around me and takes my spot in line and gets my food and
then i get the person behind me's food how do they keep track of how do they keep track of it but
also i just worry about because sometimes if somebody like i guess changes their mind in the
bill miller's line which is like unthinkable to me where they just like fuck this i'm out of here
and so they drive and they pass you on the right as they go to leave i have this every time i see
somebody passing me on the right in the drive through i think like food pirates get them they're
just gonna take my food i a hundred a hundred percent of the time i think it's a food pirate
situation i have before been in the drive through ordered my food and then as i was pulling up
realized i don't have my wallet they just dipped and you've just fucked up the whole queue as we
say up here in canada just like really goofed up the whole thing we're supposed to go in and wash
dishes yeah like peewee's big adventure do you think what that happens the next person pulls up
and they're like this isn't your order right and they're like no like would you like to pay for
this one too would you like both orders because now we got this extra one and if you don't buy it
it's just gonna be sitting here all day i would love to hear a story about whether that particular
act of food crime has been perpetrated of somebody just like waiting for you to place your order and
then squeak fucking tokyo drifting 360 spinning gymkhana style getting that car right in front
of your fucking car and you're like hey wait a second and then they get your whopper junior
they like flip you off out of the window like fuck you nerd got your whopper junior and they
drive off and you pull up to the window like sorry is our last whopper junior we're out so fucking
sick closing down now gotta shut down ran out of beef patties justin have you ever considered when
you have forgotten your wallet going back later that afternoon and be like hey sorry about that
forgot my wallet do you still have it you still hold it for me travis by that afternoon like
literally everyone who's ever worked there has already been fired or quit and it's under
this change management twice because of what you did
yeah i think this is also a good situation though i mean you gotta make the lemonade
or you pull up and you're like i don't have my wallet what's your name and they're like mica
you're like mica you ever wanted to be somebody's fast food friend and then maybe this is i don't i
don't have mike i don't have the money but i really really want that sandwich is there any
like what have you just slided to me mike is like yeah you're funny all right i am that's part of
what one of the things i can offer is your friend i'm funny do lots of jokes for you you like jokes
i don't have money i have jokes i'm a good friend and you're a thumb drive loaded with podcasts
yeah here's my here's my art let me have some of your art it's an exchange it's exchange of ideas
what would happen like what would happen because if i go to them and say like listen i don't have
money but that food is mine oh shit you made it for me you made it for me and like the value
is depreciating as we sit here and talk about this like you're wasting time time lost is uh
edibility lost and you need to give it it's my food and i can't pay for it but you're not going
to do anything with it it's mine and i promise customer loyalty that's what i can offer you
i'll be back i'll be back you know look at my face i'm not lying to you i'll be back here
i'll do an upcharge if that's what it takes all these empty cups in my seat you can trust me this
isn't and again this has nothing to do with money and i don't want to exploit like fucking hard
working fast food workers that's not what this is i it's it's just i just want a fast food friend
like that's it that's it i just want to be buddies with fucking saracen at the alamo freeze and just
like get some free frosties from time to time that's it that's it you are right now as we speak
getting hundreds of tweets about like come come to the jerry queen in milwaukee i'll give you
all the tenders you want i might i might do it i might do it it's not and it has nothing to do
with the money i just want to know what that feels like to have a fast food friend like saracen at
the alamo freeze that doesn't happen to me here in honeyton i made a television program here i
don't give free anything it's ludicrous nobody gives a shit about me nobody in the food industry
i wish i had one place one special place just one friend one place i can go where i know i
have friends there let me hit you guys with this fast food scampi you drive through and you get a
little cup of it the cup a cup of scamp um i'm gonna pitch your name scamper and scampi you get
it and go that's the that's the tagline i retract my idea a little scamps little scam little scamps
the scampi depot and you just pull in scam people scampi planet listen this is stupid listen it's
the end of the podcast and that can only mean one thing shrimp gun and it's a gun they fucking fight
you drive you pay five dollars there's a little slot you drop five dollars in it and then you
drive out to the window and they shoot you with a gun that shoots scampi out of it through your
fucking window and it's the fastest drive-through line ever there's no stopping if you stop you're
removed from the line and you don't get your scampi it's like those trains it's those trains
where you pull the like pull the line it just dumps water into that one container it's like
that but with scampi and in your sunroof i'm talking it's a fucking modified car wash that
you open up all your windows and you pay and if we're doing this much volume i think this is
fifty dollars and you fucking drive through and you just like instead of hot soapy wax it's just
like you end up with a bunch of shrimp in your undercarriage you end up with shrimp fucking
everywhere you're kidding me if you're getting a multi-directional shrimp blast what if you had a
fast food restaurant that was extremely long but extremely narrow so you ordered at one window and
then the theme of the restaurant was gun it so like after after after you order your food they're
like okay and punch it and after you punch it you're you cannot slow down you cannot stop or
you don't get your food you just have to like blaze past the pickup window with your arm outstretched
as fast as humanly possible like that is the it's drag racing plus fast food fastest food fucking
great that would be so good fast and furious and full so good um listen that's the end of the
podcast uh we uh want to thank everybody for listening uh thank you so much to uh folks who
sent us stuff in our p.o box on the east coast p.o box p.o box 54 h west virginia 25706 uh mike
sent a trolls poster that is now hanging above my daughter's bed thank you so much mike for that uh
bruce uh uh uh sent us some books alexa sent some uh nice templar c wacky wizards patches
i hope you guys are with steve sent a hamburger backpack that uh was a delight cheeseburger
backpack thank you and um shannon sent a show poster that they made it and it is gorgeous
and um by the way we have a tv show oh yeah it's on cso it's an nbc comedy streaming service cso.com
s e e s o.com there's also an app uh on apple tv and ios and roku and stuff like that um and you
can also get it through amazon streaming you can sign up to cso that is through amazon speaking of
which speaking of cso uh jonah ray rodriguez who you may know from the cso show hidden america
or the meltdown with jonah camille or the brand new mystery science theater 2000 show on netflix
is going to be a guestpert on our show coming up pretty soon i think in a couple weeks uh we're
still nailing down the topics but start thinking of i don't know general questions uh but just know
we'll be tweeting out uh what that those topics will be so you can mail in your advice questions
for jonah um i'm very excited for this and i'm excited for that new ms23k dog yeah um i want to
thank john roger in the long winter you know who's doing the themes you know who does the theme song
no i haven't listened i haven't watched it yet harmar superstar oh fuck yeah it's so fucking
good you know who the head writer is elliot kaylan elliot kaylan yeah it's great yeah um i want to
thank john roger in the long winters for the use of our theme song it's a departure off the album
putting the days to bed um just go get it just go get it please uh one more thing my wife real
quick my wife and i my wife uh we started a new podcast uh media rewatch podcast uh where we jump
from different tv shows and movies and stuff uh called the kind rewind uh our first couple
episodes are going to be uh season one buffy the vampire slayer we're watching three episodes of
buffy per episode um we put up kind of a uh pilot episode if you will to kind of explain the concept
and just show you how charming we are um so you can find that on itunes uh the kind rewind uh we
also have a twitter at the kind rewind uh but it should be coming out very very soon and my wife is
great and funny it's gonna love it yes griffin my wife great so uh that we're done yeah we're done
fucking awesome thank you john roger i did dude i just did cool man we're done bye well hold on
that's not okay um here's a sign off here's a final yahoo though okay send him by brooks
oglesby thank you brooks it's yahoo answers user hippo72 asks is it possible to curve a nerf bullet
like in the movie wanted my name is justin mcelroy i'm travis mcelroy i'm griffin mcelroy
this has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square on the lips maximum fun.org
comedy and culture artist owned listener supported i love forget me not i'm jesse i'm jordan and we've
been doing jordan jesse go for almost 10 years now and it's not gotten any easier to describe
so we asked our fans to do it for us jordan jesse go is a weekly conversation with two best pals
two hilarious friends the hilarious smart kids talking about hilarious stuff that happens to them
mostly really stupid stuff awkward anecdotes insane tangents heartfelt stuff it's like being
thrown in the middle of a hilarious conversation between you and your best pals it's a show that
makes me laugh every week which is pretty rare and wonderful might be the best thing on the
internet one of the funniest things you will hear and it's the best part of my week and has kept me
company for the past seven years through all sorts of life i love those guys that's jordan jesse go
the comedy podcast that's been named best of itunes every monday on maximum fun.org or your
favorite podcasting software i'll hug you and kiss you and love you love you love you